# Microtonal-Instruments

%
Microtonal Instruments

The code contained in these 
repositories are for the service of 
building microtonal instruments.

The EDO frameworks that will 
provided for in the source 
repository will be as follows, 
subject to change: 17EDO, 12EDO, 
31EDO.

The profided frameworks are designed 
to be open source and able to be 
easily modded into an other EDO not 
provided for.

These projects are currently modeled 
with a default value of 440Hz for 
note A4, with the A octave serving 
as a connection to the 12EDO Scale.

This value can be changed by the 
user. However, the user must 
calculate the value of lowest 
possible value note in their 
preferred scale and enter it for 
variable SourceNote in the formula 
for instrument 1.

This project is intended to be 
iterated and improved upon, with 
contributions made by others. If a 
part of this project inspires you, 
take it and make it your own. I just
ask that you consider making it free 
and available for others to do the 
same. And if you are so inclined, 
please show me what direction you 
take it. I would love to see 
something far beyond my wildest 
expectations.

/%
